Ha ha ha dry
Now I've identified the target.
The woman next to him is the killer.
But what good is it if I know where the gun is?
He dared to kill me but did not dare to kill him.
You can't fight back.
I can't run again.
I have no grudge against him.
He's the one who's hurt enough to want to kill me, not that he has the guts, that man.
I remember. He's eating here.
General Director Shen is awake.
Maybe have another drink.
What's your name?
My name is Bo, and you died a few minutes later, Chief Justice, what did you say?
How can I poison?
Haha, so I want you to go and have a drink, and I have already drunk it.
Can you drink it and taste it?
Cheers.
I admit you're very capable.
I knew something was going to happen to this I drank, and I didn't know when you poisoned it.
But I don't have time for this.
Ah.
Ha ha ha ha ha
His name is Moni, right?
Right.
I'm waiting for you.
Six dollars for three minutes.
I'll wait for you at the company.